Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to create the function in order to enable users create maintenance.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we're going to need to go to the controllers directory and over this controllers,
that tree, we're going to create a new file and we're going to call this phi jets c meets.
Then on this call controller and then there's texture, the dots, and now we can then use culture and
beat and make this way.
Okay.
Now, the first step is within the creative class and as we call this class Jets jet.
See Mits then controller.
Okay.
Now the second step is to create the function and you're going to call this function create method.
They're going to be using the airwaves.
So we need to pass in the risk of air.
Okay.
Now, all we can do is we can head up to Brezza and then pop the dab.
And why doesn't the copy.
Okay.
I think this.
That is the witness screen and.
Now we can.
Okay.
We can copy this from this.
Try and answer.
Right.
Okay.
The last call.
The bracket is for this.
Okay.
So we can copy and.
Then is this?
Okay.
So I think.
Coffee?
And.
Okay now what we can do is a light and use controlled dots in the that's it.
But it's okay.
Okay as well.
A light and in parts.
Okay, great.
This is not the book print.
We are going to say print, right?
That is what we have.
Print and again going need to get rid of this.
And.
As well.
Over in this area, you can see it was just the pass they required field known as room.
That's going to be the room name.
Okay.
And now we can get rid of this.
So.
Okay.
Get rid of that.
He's asking for the room name.
Now we can easily just say my room.
And that's means every room created is going to be at this my room.
So what we can do is we can make it dynamic.
So over this function called creates within.
We can have the parenthesis and then say room.
Rome.
Real can just say real name.
Right.
Okay.
Now, we can then specify the type of data it's going to be.
It says says in the B string and as well we can make this required.
So any time we call this creates its own function, we're going to need to pass the value.
So it's okay now over here to condense a wrong.
Romney.
Okay.
Great.
Now the zoom.
Does that has this.
Hold this, hold you.
Hold this.
We can get rid of this.
And it turns you now.
So we need to add our semicolon.
Okay as well.
We can get rid of this.
Okay, great.
Now all we can do as well is sort of say true.
We can also create a dynamic table for this.
So over here you can either try the cover and you can say is.
Or do.
His ordeal.
Mute said.
Right.
And here's what they do.
It.
Okay.
You can okay as well.
We can make this required and this is a data type of move because it's going to be the true or false
value.
As well.
You can see both.
Okay, great.
So they said, oh, this revenue card is.
Is audio muted and.
This video.
Muted.
Okay, now we can just get rid of the seven year outlook.
You can see our code is becoming more concise and we can use control and this is said to be very good
format.
Okay.
Now as well.
We can get rid of the subjects.
We don't really need this.
Okay.
We can't use control necessary.
Now, what we have is the use of the spleen in.
The user email and the user avatar.
All we can do is we can get the correct logged in user details.
So to do this, first of all, we need to go to the.
Hot controller.
Right.
Okay.
Now you're going to do this right after.
Yeah.
Okay.
They're going to say user.
The user's referring to the hot user.
Okay.
The hearts user.
And we can then see.
So that we can then see.
Gets user.
Then use no function and we can't call the available card on this for hearts.
Then Dot's current user.
Okay.
You can see it can be.
No.
Think.
Okay.
And now we need to do it so we can just use control.
And that's to save and.
We can just go to.
Okay.
First of all, we need to know that you have access to this river card user.
We need to have access to this ODS controller.
Right.
Okay.
So maybe we can initialize it because if our and you can just go to the specify the type, it's going
to be Hods controller and.
It's going to be on this car controller and it costs the hearts controller.
Okay.
And.
Instead of this, we can get rid of this and call the others.
Cards.
Controller the cards.
I says to use their paper, and now we can say this cleaning.
Okay.
I think we need this.
Now, what we can do is.
We can.
Okay.
Over here.
We can just go ahead and hide this.
And in this picture, I to show you how to do this in a separate way.
Okay.
Over in this, I think.
Uh.
So comma.
I think, okay, we don't need any cover.
Okay.
And we're going to need to call the others car parts.
Controller and darts.
User and darts.
What email.
Okay.
As well.
We can't had this.
Okay.
And in this picture you're going to see on how to not hide this.
And there's going to be on this car parts controller and then darts.
User and then darts.
What's the URL?
That is a photo.
You are attached to the Google account.
Okay.
This is basically hits.
You can see.
This is basically it.
This is basically it's no case.
Katrina, this is he.
Over where we are.
Passenger room them and we made them dynamic, right?
So whenever I would call this, create something back underneath a positive value.
So this book called Room.
So Room Name.
Right.
And why yeah, these are displaying them is going to be the current logged in user display and as well
these are human is going to be the user email.
The user avatar is going to be the user.
The photo attached to the Google accounts.
Okay, nerdiness.
Next, I'm going to show you a close up on how to redo this, but in a more expensive way and a bit
different.
Okay.
So make sure you wash the next picture.
Okay, guys, see you in the next.